to get started using your ipod you'll
first want to put some of your music on
it you'll use itunes to manage your
music and video if you don't already
have the latest version installed on
your computer you can download it for
free with iTunes installed let's import
music from a CD insert a CD and iTunes
will automatically find the track names
and album information from the internet
click yes to import the whole CD or
click no to select individual songs to
be imported once your import is complete
click here to eject the CD and notice
your songs have been added to your
library you can also purchase music from
the iTunes Store browse and find the
song you'd like to own and click buy
song as your library grows it's a good
idea to create playlists to organize
your music let's make a playlist called
my workout music click the Add button
and give it a name select songs here in
your library and drag them to the
playlist you can rearrange the songs in
your playlist by dragging them to the
order you want them to play now that you
have some music and iTunes let's sync it
with your iPod if you're connecting your
iPod for the first time you'll need to
name it and choose how you'd like to
manage your music and video let's leave
this option selected so your music and
media from the iTunes library will
automatically sync to your iPod you can
see the progress here as your media is
downloaded to your iPod when it's done
click here to eject your iPod and take
your music with you as your library of
music and video grows you might find
that you can't fit the entire library on
your ipod one way to transfer just a
portion of your library is to select the
playlist you want with your ipod
selected under devices click the music
tab and select this option
now choose the playlist you want to sync
and click apply you can see here we have
plenty of space for the music we
selected do you want to add music from
another computer you'll need to go to
the summary tab select manually manage
music and videos and click apply now
when you connect iPod to another
computer you can drag in music from that
library as well when you manually manage
your music and want to delete a song
you'll need to find it on your ipod and
press Delete now that you know how to
sync music to your ipod you can sync
movies TV shows games and audiobooks the
same way you can also add podcasts and
photos to your ipod for podcasts find
the one you want in the itunes store and
click Subscribe the latest episode will
automatically download to your computer
you can make sure the latest episodes
will be synced with your ipod by first d
selecting this option in the summary tab
now choose the podcast tab and select
your sync options here for photos select
the photos tab and turn on syncing if
you're on a pc you can choose to sync
from a folder or adobe photoshop
elements if you're on a Mac you can
choose to sync from a folder or I photo
now that you have all of your media on
your iPod watch the playing music and
video on iPod tutorial